README.md, before:

## Maskify Hour Registration Application

A school project to get started with PHP-OOP.  
Current version: 0.4.1

### How to install the project to a server?

**Prequisites:**  
Apache Server with Mod_rewrite enabled  
PHP 7.4
MySQL database  

**Installation**

Install at a [FQDN](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fully_qualified_domain_name) or locally at */localhost* by cloning this git.  

>The following command will clone the content of the git in the current folder
```git clone https://github.com/TheMaskifyCorp/hours.maskify.git .```

Run the installer, and login.  
Default user:```admin@maskify.nl ```   
Default password: ```123456768```

### Mandatory frontend options

>**Provide a frontend search function** 
>  
>We've added some solution-articles to the loginpage, for some general information.

<img src="./app/uploads/readme/search.gif" alt="search"/>  

> **Save unfound searches in database**  
> 
> All searchterms have a counter, and new searches are added to the database immidiately.

<img src="./app/uploads/readme/searchNotFound.gif" alt="searchnotfound"/>

> **Login as admin**
> 
> You can login as an admin, or as a user. The first landingpage is identical, for entering hours.
> If you are an admin/manager, you can switch to the manager-view in the top-bar.

<img src="./app/uploads/readme/login.gif" alt="login">

> **Change content by uploading a CSV-file**
> 
> You can add a new employee by uploading a comma-separated csv-file.
> If an email-adres is not provided, it will be generated from the first- and lastname.

<img src="./app/uploads/readme/uploadEmp.gif" alt="csv-upload">

> **Delete unfound searches**
> 
> In the manager-view, a manager can delete all searchresults that have no solution associated with the searchterm.

<img src="./app/uploads/readme/deleteSearch.gif" alt="delete-searchresults">

> **Upload an image**
> 
> In the manager-view, a manager can upload a .png image to replace the image on the 404-page.

<img src="./app/uploads/readme/upload404.gif" alt="upload-image">

### Further requirements:

> **Multi-lingual**
> 
>The application is available in Dutch and English, and a language can be picked in the menu-bar.

> **Responseform**  
> 
>A responseform is available on the contact.php page, and uses php-mailer to send mail.
>To use this, please enter SMTP-data in the .env file.

Commit message:

updated readme with installation instructions

README.md, after:

## Maskify Hour Registration Application

A school project to get started with PHP-OOP.  
Current version: 0.4.1

### How to install the project to a server?

**Prequisites:**  
Apache Server with Mod_rewrite enabled  
PHP 7.4
MySQL database  

**Installation**

Install at a [FQDN](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fully_qualified_domain_name) or locally at */localhost* by cloning this git.  

>The following command will clone the content of the git in the current folder
```git clone https://github.com/TheMaskifyCorp/hours.maskify.git .```

Next, run `composer install`

>In some cases (like shared hosting) file-rights can be restricted.
>If that is the case, take the following steps:
> - set the config to group: `git config core.sharedRepository group`
> - Find your username with the command `whoami`
> - change file-permissions recursively: `chgrp -R {usergroup} .` 

Visit the page in the browser, run the installer, and login.  
Default user:```admin@maskify.nl ```   
Default password: ```123456768```

### Mandatory frontend options

>**Provide a frontend search function** 
>  
>We've added some solution-articles to the loginpage, for some general information.

<img src="./app/uploads/readme/search.gif" alt="search"/>  

> **Save unfound searches in database**  
> 
> All searchterms have a counter, and new searches are added to the database immidiately.

<img src="./app/uploads/readme/searchNotFound.gif" alt="searchnotfound"/>

> **Login as admin**
> 
> You can login as an admin, or as a user. The first landingpage is identical, for entering hours.
> If you are an admin/manager, you can switch to the manager-view in the top-bar.

<img src="./app/uploads/readme/login.gif" alt="login">

> **Change content by uploading a CSV-file**
> 
> You can add a new employee by uploading a comma-separated csv-file.
> If an email-adres is not provided, it will be generated from the first- and lastname.

<img src="./app/uploads/readme/uploadEmp.gif" alt="csv-upload">

> **Delete unfound searches**
> 
> In the manager-view, a manager can delete all searchresults that have no solution associated with the searchterm.

<img src="./app/uploads/readme/deleteSearch.gif" alt="delete-searchresults">

> **Upload an image**
> 
> In the manager-view, a manager can upload a .png image to replace the image on the 404-page.

<img src="./app/uploads/readme/upload404.gif" alt="upload-image">

### Further requirements:

> **Multi-lingual**
> 
>The application is available in Dutch and English, and a language can be picked in the menu-bar.

> **Responseform**  
> 
>A responseform is available on the contact.php page, and uses php-mailer to send mail.
>To use this, please enter SMTP-data in the .env file.
